Capstone Fail Log:
This week was a success as I was able to complete the capstone project with my team made up of Matthias and Maggie. 
I did have a bit of an issue with the research content. There was very limited content and some was questionable online.

I broke up my components of the capstone project up into 3 parts:
0. Setting up GitHub with group members.
1. HTML code semantics refresher
2. Research
3. Research synthesis
4. Embedding text into HTML
5. Taking the site further

0. Setting up GitHUb with group members.
I know this was mentioned during the setup stages of this course, but having the ability to make changes and track them on
github without losing old changes is amazing. I only discovered that you can create seperate branches for your group members 
to see their changes but not change the group's work (saved in a seperate branch). Maggie, Matthias and I sat down and created
multiple branches allowing us to push our changes over to Maggie without any issues of copying links and changing links etc. In
our case we had 5 branches. 3 for the members work to be saved seperately and on main branch and one testing branch. This 
helped organize and run through our work's progress efficiently.

1. HTML code semantics refresher

Mainly learned how html works through practice. The initial exercises during the term were helpful but actually sitting down 
and coding it made it stick in my mind better.I went through many lines of the sites code from GitHub and saw how it changed the site
we were exploring. I didn't understand some of it initially but the annotations were helpful and so were Maggie's notes.
One thing I did forget about was the code used for the sizing of headers. The  size goes from large H1 to small H3, H4 etc. 
When my group members wanted to change it from a larger to a smaller font, I went up the H value to H3 instead of H4. Tricky. 
Another usesful tip in the code was the line code. This can seperate text on a site with a subtle faded out line.

2. Research 

This portion of the work was pretty straightforward. There were a few bumps in the road, I must say. One thing that was brought
to my attention were the number of similar "search results" leading to information with similar search text but were completely
unrelated or talking about something similar but in another country. I noticed this in one of my google searches where it brought
me to a link about Kansas's uranium plant with similar words like "Elliot" in it. It is important to use appropriate key terms 
when searching for information. 

3. Research Synthesis

As in the previous stage, this was pretty straightforward. Take the information in the research stage and use what is appropriate
for what is on the site. I did have some issues with google docs mixing up some of the text I was writing with my research but 
I seemed to have fixed it as it was a formating error with the margins.

4. Embedding Text Into HTML

Initially this seemed to be the most daunting task when I first opened up the sites code. Then I came to realize how easy it is to
do and change information. I knew the HTML code semantics refresher would help. I began to copy my text into the code on GitHub.
When pasting I forgot about the symbol <p> and </p> to seperate each paragraph so while hunting for the text I was going to add to0,
I missed them all as I didn't know they were spread all along the horizontal. I guess this reduced the amount of lines needed. 
I had to make changes to the font headers and add my references. The references format had me a bit confused but Matthias cleared
it up for me with an example.

5. Taking the site further

The site could use more improvement. When I initially worked through the site to see what I will be researching, I found that 
it was very boring to read and navigate through affecting the user's experience. To enhance this I thought of eliminating the 
need for seperate pages and creating a larger popup for the navigation nodes on the map. These pop ups would have subheadings to
help guide the user to what exact inforamtion they are looking for an retrieve it without having to navigate to a new page.
I am not to sure how to do this but the second change would be adding gradients. This helps the readers eyes transition from 
one part of the page to the next without the color blocks.



